docs: Tidy up the Policy docs (#3471)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/policy/policy-configuration.mdx

# PolicyConfig <TierLabel tiers="Enterprise" />

## Goal

Users sometimes need to enforce the same policy(s) with different configurations (parameters) for different targets (workspaces, namespaces, applications, or resources).
The `PolicyConfig` CRD allows us to do that without duplicating policies by overriding policy parameters of multiple policies for a specific target.

## Schema

The PolicyConfig CRD consists of two sections 1) `match` used to specify the target of this PolicyConfig and 2) `config` used to specify the policy parameters that will override the orginal policy parameters.

<details><summary>Expand to see a PolicyConfig example</summary>

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: pac.weave.works/v2beta2
  kind: PolicyConfig      # policy config resource kind
  metadata:
    name: my-config       # policy config name
  spec:
    match:                # matches (targets of the policy config)
      workspaces:         # add one or more name workspaces
      - team-a
      - team-b
    config:               # config for policies [one or more]
      weave.policies.containers-minimum-replica-count:
        parameters:
          replica_count: 3
  ```

</details>

> Each PolicyConfig CR can target either workspaces, namespaces, applications or resources. Targeting the same target excplicitly in multiple PolicyConfigs is not allowed ie: you cant use the same namespace in several PolicyConfigs that target namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each PolicyConfig CR can target either workspaces, namespaces, applications or resources. Targeting the same target explicitly in multiple PolicyConfigs is not allowed, ie: you can't use the same namespace in several PolicyConfigs which target namespaces.
```
